.TH bilidownloader-watchlist-download 1 "November 2025" "bilidownloader 3.0.6" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
bilidownloader-watchlist-download - Download all released episodes on watchlist, max 3 days old
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bilidownloader watchlist download
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Download all released episodes on watchlist, max 3 days old. Alias: down, dl, d
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Data Management"
.TP
\fB--cookie, --cookie-file, -c\fR PATH
Path to your cookie.txt file.
.TP
\fB--watchlist, --watchlist-file, -w\fR PATH
Path to your watchlist.txt file (default: /home/nattadasu/Bilibili/watchlist.txt).
.TP
\fB--history, --history-file, -h\fR PATH
Path to your history.txt file (default: /home/nattadasu/Bilibili/history.v2.tsv).
.SS "Filtering & Selection"
.TP
\fB--as-playlist\fR
Download monitored series as a playlist (play/) instead of the default behavior by relying on recently released episodes in the past 3 days. This option will download all episodes available, including the old ones, so use with caution.
.TP
\fB--resolution, --reso, -r\fR INTEGER
Target video resolution, accepted value: 144 | 240 | 360 | 480 | 720 | 1080 | 2160 (default: 1080).
.TP
\fB--srt-only, --plain, -S\fR
Download subtitles in SRT format only, instead of SSA/SRT. Enabled by default on a base installation.
.TP
\fB--is-avc, --avc, -a\fR
Download the video with AVC as codec instead of HEVC.
.TP
\fB--force, -F\fR
Force download the video even if it was downloaded previously.
.TP
\fB--audio-only, -A\fR
Download audio only. Will override ALL other options: resolution, codec, etc.
.SS "Binaries"
.TP
\fB--ffmpeg-path, --ffmpeg\fR PATH
Specify the path to the ffmpeg binary or its containing directory (default: /usr/bin/ffmpeg).
.TP
\fB--mkvpropedit-path, --mkvpropedit\fR PATH
Specify the path to the mkvpropedit binary or its containing directory (default: /usr/bin/mkvpropedit).
.TP
\fB--mkvmerge-path, --mkvmerge\fR PATH
Specify the path to the mkvmerge binary or its containing directory.
.SS "Post-Processing"
.TP
\fB--sub-lang, -l\fR [en|id|ms|th|vi|zh-Hans|zh-Hant]
Set the selected subtitle language to be default (default: en).
.TP
\fB--notify, -n\fR
Send a notification when an episode has been downloaded.
.TP
\fB--no-rescale, -N\fR
Prevent rescaling of SSA subtitles, which is typically done to adjust subtitle size when it appears too large by default. No action will be taken on a base installation.
.TP
\fB--no-thumbnail, -X\fR
Do not download thumbnail from BiliBili then embed it.
.TP
\fB--no-convert, -C\fR
Do not convert SRT subtitles to ASS format.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bilidownloader-watchlist (1),
.BR bilidownloader (1)